Community PR#556 (#118)
rancher/kubewarden-product-docs: docs/version-1.24/modules/en/pages/reference/threat-model.adoc

Configure the cluster with mTLS authentication for the Webhooks and enable the
mTLS feature in the Kubewarden stack. Alternatively, setup mTLS using a CNI
that supports Network Policies. See

> xref:/reference/security-hardening/webhook-mtls.md[here] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:/reference/security-hardening/webhook-mtls.md["Secure webhooks with mutual TLS"] for more information.
```

Reviewer: "Here" is a bit vague, I think using just the page title would benefit users, let me know what you think.
